hello my fellow gamers and welcome back
to higashi last time we played zombie
tag this time stuff will happen I don't
know let's just let's get on with this
mm-hmm after arriving home I quickly
made preparations to head out once again
I had agreed to meet up with Rena to dig
Colonel Sanders out from that mountain
of treasure from before mom do we have
work gloves I need towels too aren't
they in the shed out back the towels are
at by the sink all right now I was
already looking for me oh wait what I
mean looking at me my mom stared
quizzical what is going on kg where he
headed to it that get him they had come
to dump again illegally he'd be buried
completely they'll be impossible to
think about if that happens I don't
wanna undoubtedly go after the colonel
sanders in front of the fried chicken
place in town I've been evacuating so my
classmate doesn't become a criminal well
don't be out too late like how the
mountain doesn't even question mom
return to the kitchen with a puzzled
expression still on her face
coming through the woods as a shortcut
to the dam site I ran off into space I
ran into something yes I'm happy to do
this voice it was Tommy talkies and
probably taking pictures of wild birds
again with that per set wait what with
the precious camera wouldn't be that all
he took pictures of was he handsome
young men in the Twilight
hey long time no see Katie gun right my
new regards I expelled that rude imagery
for my head and greeting them without
insighting anything by the way was that
girl an acquaintance of yours he was
probably talking about Rena guessing by
the way told me talk his head was shaken
up what was all that about she was
walking around with an axe and she was
loving with a huge smile across her face
that was random without a doubt with
probably because she could take it home
today so she couldn't hide her
excitement I hid myself because I
thought it might be dangerous should I
call the cops to be safe well certainly
would be quite the spectacle for a girl
of her age to be roaming around with an
axe told me talking stands her reaction
was the epitome of logical it's fine
it's fine just leave her be she's just
wandering around looking for more
victims Thomas hockessin was alarmed by
my crass response well it's probably
hard for normal people to understand
Rena I'll just toss a bunch of BS out
there if you were to be killed out here
she'd probably be the one to do it try
not to snoop around too much here well
the condescending smirk I stirred it off
in the direction that of the dam site
where Rena was waiting for I got too far
tell me talking said abruptly called out
Kate could sum it be a warning for an
outsider like me I didn't mean that
seriously I did try to make it obvious
by hahahaha I'll try my best to be
careful leaving only those words behind
told me talkie sent turned around and
left I didn't really mean to call him an
outsider I wasn't really implying
anything when I said that it was only
meant to be a joke but it felt like I
had said something bad k ji kun I was
waiting for you let's try our best today
I understood what Tony talk ascend was
trying to say somebody gallivanting
about while waving an ax around
certainly would be with would seem
dangerous it would seem dangerous you
should cover the axe with something when
you haven't in public it's not good to
carry it around and the open like that
seems that I lost it so there isn't one
thinking about it it really was no need
to try to keep up appearances everyone
in he nummies all probably already knew
about renas eccentricities she's
probably the only person who could carry
an ax around he nummies all would not be
considered suspicious oh well let's
finish this today we burst through this
last beam we should be able to pull him
out I got everything I need leave it to
me
okay I took the axe from Renan made my
way up the unstable slope just wait
Colonel Sanders k ch Coon will save you
all right get back I'll finish this in
one go a solid swak rang throughout
enemies own as if the job was being done
by lumberjack how is it think you can do
it if it looks too hard you don't have
to strain yourself if I can break
through this then we'll be good I have
plenty of power today I can do it but
that's a this adversary was more
formidable than I expected first of all
i've never used an ax before during a
school camping trip I had I had wanted
to split the wood but I lost at rock
paper scissors and wasn't able to do it
because the spot where I was standing
was so unstable I soon became tired and
decided to take a break Brenda had
already spread out a tarp and laid down
some tea and sweets I'm fine I'm almost
there I'll make sure Rena can give
Colonel Sanders a goodnight kiss tonight
yeah thanks giving colonel sanders
goodnight kiss how come to think of it
right your transfer student to right
where did you live before I asked her
nonchalantly while drinking tea I had
thought she'd lived here all our life
[Music]
hmm incanto it wasn't as rulers out here
but it was still out in the countryside
why did you move here team is all I mean
you know this is pretty far out in the
boonies why did you move here doesn't
have to do with your dad's work oh wait
was that me or was that her I don't know
dad said he wanted to move out to a
studio he'd been staying for what he'd
been sitting for a while that somewhere
deep in the mountains like this would be
perfect studio is your father an artist
or something he paid scenery seems that
twice a year he opens a gallery for the
stuff he does when he started his works
were displayed in an industry Plaza in
Tokyo but now they're exhibited him
makuhari play miss a what makuhari messe
he's Desert Inn he's determined to have
them displayed in the waterfront
international exhibition
that's amazing let me see them next time
I was too embarrassed to tell her that I
didn't really know what kind of picture
my father painter painted well
eventually I would I picked myself up
while giving some vague answers
but he transferred in the middle of the
semester didn't ya wasn't that a hassle
not really I was getting bored of the
city anyway I was trying to get answers
from random but I ended up being the one
giving out all the answers it's a bit of
a wry smile on my face I grabbed the
handle of the accent and headed back to
the work site
oh yeah we're finally gonna get that
darn Colonel Sanders out this episode
who knows the air grew colder as the Sun
slowly set the heater on she began their
song as if they tell me to stop and head
home for the day just a bit more today I
would end it when I first started I
tried with Rena as I work but I didn't
have that luxury oh yeah yeah little
darn it that song they asked countless
times made just like this contact shards
of wood splintered the assailants
butchered the victim's body with
hatchets and pickaxe oh my G never
called that passage from the tabloid one
hit with something like this would smash
someone's head in axes and pickaxes are
not meant to be swung at people ever
with one last swing the beam cracked
apart the way I put behind the acts not
only split through the beam but smash
the statue shoulder as well that's not
fun the arm came off with a sickening
sound it clattered down noisily stopping
at my feet ah well well well what's the
matter are you hurt sorry the figures
arm I broke it off oh that's all I
thought Kate she couldn't hurt himself I
probably had a really guilty look on my
face Brenna said that without a hint of
dismay as she smiled we just need to
tape it back on and put a coat over him
nobody will even notice I see let's pull
it out then can you get that side okay
seems they haven't been able to find one
of the arms you see o ke g come on I
laughed dryly at how pathetic it was for
considering the arm flopping down and
rolling to my feet but rolling to my
feet to be such a bad ottoman woman both
right on me own knew how sickening that
incident was so they pretended that so
they pretended that they didn't know I
had looked it up all by myself and
shamefully enough I was scared you're
pathetic hu my bra all right Rena let's
do this in one go ready and
whoa we did it we did it cage you can
yay the right time to give three cheers
that moment of two days of work bearing
fruit took us two days Wow well yeah
actually okay whatever whatever he who
was brought to Hina miyazawa covered in
filth immune his n instead we were able
to bring her wit we were able to welcome
him back you're pretty lucky Colonel
Sanders your new masters pretty decent
person Wow Colonel Sanders he really is
cute it didn't really matter that he was
dirty rena nuzzled him cheerfully with
her cheek I was dead tired but seeing
Rinna's happy face made it all worth it
I'll help it carry it back be bad if it
gets dark Yeah right I really want to
thank you cage good I won't forget this
think real hard about what you'll do to
repay me okay well whoa I wonder what
kind of repayment I wonder for now I
just hold back my evil cackle we were
ready to take it to her house but we
couldn't go like this we enrolled the
statue up in the tarpon oh wait what we
enrolled whoops we rolled the statue up
in the targum lifting and so Jack and
Jill went down the hill carrying a human
sized bag and on sheath Dax I prayed
that we wouldn't run in and Thome
talkies man he saw us here and took a
picture we'll need to get rid of him
hello well wait Oh like that's like a
tech space I thought it was like Ellen
well and I'm brackets book no it's like
an actual okay
it's not meant to be a warning for an
outsider like me something struck me as
odd about the words told me talkies and
unable to grasp a sense of humor had
left behind alright ah let's continue on
because we're not even close to 20
minutes yet only halfway there ish ah
how was a cage n so you went a
renaissance house wasn't it amazing haha
it's nothing like that right right
[Music]
unlike my house the rego her residence
wasn't newly constructed it had been
renovated from a pre-existing building
well the house itself was fine the
problem was the yard there it was
crammed with rows upon rows of oddities
they were all the same as Colonel
Sanders stuff you'd see while walking
around in town the cake shops mascot
little icky the total total Mon in front
of the pharmacy she even had the amazing
flying elephant from the top of the
department store
[Music]
I'll agree with you that those are cute
but why the mailbox won't you get in
trouble for that one but how so cute she
must have just thought about it because
her face filled with the light so it's
the bigger the better just as long as
it's big what and her room display the
smaller ones I had a chance to see them
before and we and cute kids like
rika-chan are locked away in the base oh
wait whoops and cue kids like rika-chan
are locked away in the basement yab yep
I'll keep anything how cute so she takes
anything she likes back to her nest no
ill-will intended hey Rena you know
about the Statue of Liberty in New York
right that cute yeah cute how I want it
you guys should probably come up with
some countermeasures ASAP if not the
Statue of Liberty really will take a
trip to Hina meisel and not in the
not-so-distant future my apologies for
keeping you waiting rika-chan had
returned no fun being called to the
staff room did you do something
[Music]
how rude rika a hoodlum like Katie son
hahaha nothing like that ke chicken
rika-chan is a member of the festival
committee festival school cultural
festival or something no Kate no come on
Cajun Cajun I already told you its the
village festival the Juan de naga she oh
come to think of it she did she say
there'd be a festival at the shrine
during next break so what's this Lawton
August thing about gotten drifted is it
like a floating lantern pistol no it's
floating cotton festival I guess the
last part we sent things are drifting in
the river similar except we use cotton
things like old worn-out futons and
paddock cloaks it's a festival
expressing thanks for their years of
service
[Music]
people living in hingham is I would dump
their futons and padded cloaks in a
stream sounds like it'd be a lot of
trouble if it backed up the current
maybe they should just drop some fishing
and have a fish wrangling competition
skewer them and sprinkle a little salt
oh man I could smell it already that's
just a summer camp I never anticipated
how destitute ok she sends imaginative
capabilities would actually be what how
could you tell what I was thinking wait
what how could you tell I was thinking
something silly it was written all over
your face what sort of phase could have
expressed what I'd imagine just now Rena
demonstrated for me I see no argument
[Music]
hahaha it's nothing one like that you
see but you should still look forward to
it let's all go together oh come get you
that day I don't really feel like going
to festivals unless someone asked me to
Odin get bored if these guys were going
you won't get bored we're doing it again
this year meals broccoli oh wait what
imagine foof reading with that voice
it's painful neons Proclamation came as
she looked at each member in turn what
was this all about from the way me
unlooked it was probably our clubs
summer tradition the want a Naga she for
demon firefight that sounds awful what
kind of name is that I think it's cute
name though I tried to object sharply
but since we're and I looked happy about
it I decided it was pointless to fight
it
since kg is here this year becomes 5
demons rika-chan made a small correction
light in my presence so how does this
funky sounding club activity tie-in to
the festival oh this is why are you
exhibit the skills you've nurtured
through your daily club activities
exactly we show the full extent of the
abilities are the best of the best have
attained through our daily trials and
tribulations last year the mayor got
angry so we need to make sure not to
cause any problems this time basically
we're doing club activities while
checking out the stalls rika-chan really
is the only one who explains things so
that makes sense I see so will be
exhibiting those on those busy festival
grounds Brennan was right of course that
would be a reason for the mayor to get
angry
haha but it's lots of fun that was the
only point I did not doubt it would be
without question fun the day of the
festival was drawing near well putting
that aside for now let's start our club
activities say any objections nay our
voices rinette rang out in unison oh I'm
gonna end the episode here before this
club activity ends cuz in 19 minutes I
don't want this episode to be like half
an hour long or longer than that so yeah
today it was a fun episode next episode
is gonna be really fun I have recorded
like three episodes in a row just now I
think I'm done recording episodes today
anyway um see ya
[Music]